README.md, before:

# Magnify-WotLK

Magnify is a World of Warcraft WotLK (3.3.5a) add-on which allows the user to zoom the world map in or out. The functionality was copied from [Magnify](https://github.com/luskanek/Magnify), and updated/reworked to support the WotLK map.

**Features**

- Scroll to zoom on world map
- Ctrl + Scroll to scale the windowed world map
- Recommended: Install [MozzFullWorldMap](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/mozz-full-world-map-fans-update/files/430783) addon to display unexplored areas. Combined, these two addons provide similar functionality to Leatrix Maps.

# How to install
 * Click the green Code button near the top right, then select Download ZIP.
 * Extract the contents of the ZIP file to your Interface/AddOns folder.
 * :warning: The extracted folder will have a -main suffix (i.e., Magnify-WotLK-main); **you must rename it to remove the suffix (i.e., Magnify-WotLK).**
 * Restart the game to load the addon.

**Compatibility**

- :white_check_mark: ElvUI
- :white_check_mark: Gatherer
- :white_check_mark: Mapster
- :white_check_mark: MozzFullWorldMap
- :white_check_mark: pfQuest

**TODO**

- Test icon scaling and positioning: raid/party/battleground/bg flag/corpse/death release location/vehicle

Commit message:

Add options - persist scroll/pan disabled by default

README.md, after:

# Magnify-WotLK

Magnify is a World of Warcraft WotLK (3.3.5a) add-on which allows the user to zoom the world map in or out. The functionality was copied from [Magnify](https://github.com/luskanek/Magnify), and updated/reworked to support the WotLK map.

**Features**

- Scroll to zoom on world map, click + drag to pan
- Ctrl + Scroll to scale the windowed world map
- Options are configurable using `/magnify`
- Recommended: Install [MozzFullWorldMap](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/mozz-full-world-map-fans-update/files/430783) addon to display unexplored areas. Combined, these two addons provide similar functionality to Leatrix Maps.

# How to install
 * Click the green Code button near the top right, then select Download ZIP.
 * Extract the contents of the ZIP file to your Interface/AddOns folder.
 * :warning: The extracted folder will have a -main suffix (i.e., Magnify-WotLK-main); **you must rename it to remove the suffix (i.e., Magnify-WotLK).**
 * Restart the game to load the addon.

**Compatibility**

- :white_check_mark: ElvUI
- :white_check_mark: Gatherer
- :white_check_mark: Mapster
- :white_check_mark: MozzFullWorldMap
- :white_check_mark: pfQuest

**TODO**

- Test icon scaling and positioning: raid/party/battleground/bg flag/corpse/death release location/vehicle
